also they offered is knee videos through
the years won't Disney classics have
brought your family the laughter the
thrilling adventures the spirit of fun
and that indescribable feeling that
makes Disney classics truly special many
of these films have come and gone on
video but you can always bring the magic
home with this collection of
unforgettable classics there's Mary
Poppins everybody's favorite nanny who
turns the world into a magical adventure
and when you think of magical adventures
how could you not think of Alice in
Wonderland a place where nothing is as
it seems most everyone
it's just when you thought you'd seen it
all look how about it's everyone's
favorite flying elephants he's the
world's greatest hero taking from the
rich and giving to the poor but kids cut
class he's Robin Hood ah but long ago
when there were no heroes there was a
little boy whining sighs who along with
Merlin the mighty magician change the
world forever
in the sword in the stone keep the
Disney magic alive in your home with
these one Disney Classics now available
on video for those who love to dream
which one is missing from your
collection
coming soon from Disney Interactive
story it comes alive remember in this
alive
Pixar Disney's animated storybook Toy
Story on cd-rom an amazing
three-dimensional reading adventure in
which the toys actually play with you
job deputy once again the magic of
Disney begins with a mice okay sorry